AgTel is an agricultural company that sells products and services directly to farmers. In addition to selling products such as fertilizers and herbicides, AgTel employs consultants and provides consulting services to farmers (e.g. developing plans for what to apply when to a given field). 

AgTel has an "AgDigital" unit, which can be thought of somewhat like a business unit, that is tasked with advancing AgTel's usage of modern technology, which has historically been lacking. AgDigital operates like a startup within AgTel, which means they can move faster than the rest of the company, but they are also fairly silo'd.

AgTel wants to release a new mobile app that their consultants will use to assist in decision making and data collection. They would also like farmers to have access to some version of this app in the future.

The challenge they are facing is that consultants and farmers already use several systems (partially due to a company strategy of doing many M&A's) that have similar data, but this data is not consistent across these systems. If yet another system or app is introduced with inconsistent data, AgDigital suspects consultants and farmers will not trust it and adoption will be weak. Currently, nobody is tracking inconsistencies or measuring "how similar" the data in the systems is - they just know it is subpar.

AgDigital is working with a port of data from a legacy system. Before releasing the app, they want to at least know how consistent the data is with other systems. They refer to the degree of consistency as "parity". If parity is low, they will do subsequent work to increase parity prior to release, but the first step is measuring parity. In particular, they want to measure parity in terms of the existence of fields (as in a field in a farm, not as in a field in a dataset) across the various systems, and whether those fields are tied to the same farms and farmers (all systems have a Farmer -> Farm -> Field hierarchy).

Measuring field parity is complicated because each system has its own definitions, and so one system should not necessarily match another without applying various business rules.
The necessary rules and definitions are scattered across documents and notes, which are somewhat messy and will take time to sort out. Additionally, each system stores alternative enterprise ID's, but these are not always stored, increasing the level of apparent disparity. AgDigital wants to measure parity by leveraging these alternative ID's, since that is how matching fields are most easily identified across systems.

AgDigital is concerned primarily with parity across 3 systems - BST, SAP, and AD (short for AgDigital, meaning their own legacy port of data). They would like to present parity to their leaders as a Venn Diagram showing the overlap between the 3 systems along with counts (e.g. 732 fields were identified that are in BST and SAP but not AD), and so they will need an appropriately structured table that can feed into a dashboard. They additionally want a reasonable "Overall Field Parity" measure that is a single number, so that they can track progress in a simple way if they choose to do subsequent work to increase parity.

Measuring parity is one of AgDigital's highest priority, as the core product's release is dependent on it. All work is expected to be high quality, and subsequent work may directly depend on it - algorithms or models will likely leverage the work done here to identify and link fields (e.g. via an enterprise ID that should've been stored) that are in various systems to increase parity, but the first step is to actually measure parity effectively.
